---
title: Weekly Update
subtitle: Week 7
tags: [2024, events] # events, year, updates, talks, sport

# Uncomment if post needs to be amended
# last_modified_at:

show_author : true
author:
  name: Kit (Academic Support)
  avatar: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/30439030
#  location: "Location" (if applicable)
---

Applications for Publications Officer are now open! For more details on what this role will entail, see the entry on the [about page]({% link _pages/about.md %}).

Anyone who wishes to apply, please fill in [this form](https://forms.gle/NrYxQc6ReCkhpsU2A).

Please note that even if you are not selected, you can still contribute to the website whenever you want by opening a pull request, and I can still add you to the WMS organisation on GitHub.

Also note that this appointment will be informal, as we will have to hold a election at the end of the term/beginning of next term to formally induct new exec.

---

We also have two messages from one of our sponsers, TPP:


> **Graduate Analyst** Role Opening
>
> We are currently looking for an enthusiastic individual to work alongside TPP’s Commercial Team, assisting them with reviewing legal documents, checking for accuracy and identifying risks. The role involves careful examination of written documents and proposing alternative or additional drafting. You will also assist with bidding for new contracts, executing agreements and providing ongoing contract management, ensuring that TPP is delivering an excellent standard of service to its customers and that its suppliers are meeting their obligations. This will involve contracts at all levels – from agreements with individual organisations to high value national contracts.
>
> To apply, please visit [this page](https://tpp-careers.com/roles/contract-assistant/) and send your CV.

and

> **Graduate Technical Engineer** Role Opening
>
> We are currently looking for bright graduates to join our close-knit technical team, this diverse role will allow you to kick start your career in the tech industry. Don’t be put off by the breadth of this role as on the job training will be provided in all areas listed below!
>
> - SQL Server DBA – optimisation, upgrading & managing;
> - Cyber Security & Networks – research & implementation;
> - Hardware – projects to test & upgrade both hands on & remotely;
> - Scoping and building global infrastructure for our mobile patient apps;
> - Windows & Server Administration – patching & performance testing.
>
> You will actively participate in the designing, maintaining and upgrading of services that are critical to the NHS and many healthcare organisations around the world. You will be working as a team to address the current challenges such as the rapid expansion of our mobile Apps and AI as we scale on an international level.
>
> You will also have the opportunity to travel internationally to scope out data centres, design and size new projects and join in on technical discussions at government level.
>
> If you enjoy solving technical problems, have an interest in technology and thrive in a fast-paced environment then this role is for you.
>
> To apply, please visit [this page](https://tpp-careers.com/roles/graduatetechnicalengineer/) and send your CV.

---

Tickets for the **Maths/Stats/Physics Ball** are also going live for sale on the SU website later this week.

<br/>
<br/>

### Regular Events Schedule

---

On **Wednesday (13th)**, we will be running **Maths Café** in the **UG Workroom** as always, from **1300** to **1500**. As usual, we will be bringing some food for you to enjoy.

If you have any academic questions, our academic support officers (and many other attendees) will be happy to help. Also feel free to ask any questions about LaTeX.

---

On **Wednesday (13th)**, we are hosting the first round of the Manchester Maths League from **1400** to **1630** in the **PLT**.

---
On **Thursday (14th)**, we have our regularly scheduled **WMS Talk** in **MS.04**, starting at **1800**. This time, we have two student speakers, Michael Cavaliere and Lebogang Nthoiwa.

<style>
blockquote {
    padding: 10px 20px 0 0;
    margin: 0 0 0 0;
    font-size: 15px;
}
</style>

Title: Improving diversity and inclusivity amongst Warwick maths undergraduates

Abstract:
>  We will highlight results from a summer project which investigated the perception and reality of diversity and inclusivity amongst Warwick maths undergraduates. We will focus on the experiences of
> - Female and non-binary students
> - Students from ethnic minority backgrounds
> - Disabled and neurodivergent students
> - Students from disadvantaged backgrounds
>
> We will present results from our data analysis (e.g. admission trends and graduate attainment) and student engagement (survey and one-to-one interviews). We will present recommendations on how we, as a department, can work together to improve diversity in recruitment, inclusivity and post-arrival support. 

>The full report of our work may be found [here](https://livewarwickac.sharepoint.com/:w:/s/DiversityInternship2024/EVyCYfUJOx9KoFP6Ivm7tyIBWu081m1GpfXCo0cTisSiRg?e=q2Nu7m).

---

On  **Thursday (14th)**, we are running a Bar Crawl/Pub Golf event in Leamington, in collaboration with Warwick Statistics Society.

We will be meeting at **1900** at the Terrace Bar before heading into Leamington together, arriving at **1930**. You are welcome to bring friends along and we will split everyone into groups to complete challenges at each pub.

Sign up [here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdoXSzAXrUICZURZmNJVL_OP_F6bz40Sw61YXKjm3GPmOWE-w/viewform)!

---

On **Friday (15th)**, we are running **Coffee and Cake**, our weekly welfare event, from **1600** to **1400**, in **MB0.07**. Drop in to get a hot drink and some food, and relax with others in an informal and friendly environment.
