---
title: Week 2 Events
subtitle: Regular Events Schedule
tags: [2024, events] # events, year, updates, talks

# Uncomment if post needs to be amended
# last_modified_at: 2024-10-03

# Uncomment to show author on post:
show_author : true
author:
  name: Kit (Academic Support)
  avatar: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/30439030
#  (use your github profile picture if you don't have anything else, i.e. https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/30439030)
#  location: "Location" (if applicable)

# Delete this line in your new post:
# include_on_search : false
---

On **Monday (7th)**, we are running a **Spring Week Panel** in a collaboration between *Warwick Maths Society*, *Warwick Trading Society*, and *Warwick Private Equity Society*.

At the panel, we’re bringing together a lineup of students who had their Spring Weeks and secured summer internships at top firms like *Bank of America*, *Lazard*, *HSBC*, *BNP Paribas*, *Houlihan Lokey*, *Jane Street*, *Citi*, and more! Attend this exclusive session to gain firsthand insights and pro tips on how to ace your Spring Week applications and secure that spot at leading finance firms.

For more details, see our instagram post [here](https://www.instagram.com/p/DAvdIaUAhko).

---

On **Wednesday (9th)**, we will be running **Maths Café** in the **UG Workroom** as usual, from **1300** to 1500. As usual, we will be bringing (a small amount of) food for you to enjoy.

If you have any questions about academics, module options, or any general queries about the university, our academic support officers (and many other attendees) will be happy to help.

---

On **Thursday (10th)**, we have our regularly scheduled **WMS Talk**, titled *Collective dynamics: From agent-based models to PDE systems*, with guest speaker  Dr Susana Gomes, in **MS.04**, starting at **1800**.


<style>
blockquote {
    padding: 10px 20px 0 0;
    margin: 0 0 0 0;
    font-size: 15px;
}
</style>

Abstract:
> Collective behaviour appears in a lot of real-world phenomena, from how atoms interact with each other to form matter, to how animals move together to form beautiful patterns such as flocking in birds, or schools of fish, to how pedestrians organise themselves in a crowd
>
> In this talk, I will introduce various approaches to modelling collective behaviour, from agent-based models based on ODEs or simpler methods, to PDE models for group behaviour, and will show how in some cases these modelling approaches are connected. I will then show some results from my recent research in these problems. You can expect to see some ODEs, PDEs, graphs, and some ideas from control theory.

---

On **Friday (11th)**, we are running **Coffee and Cake**, our weekly welfare event, from **1100** to 1200, in MB0.08 (bottom floor of MSB). Drop in to get a hot drink and some food, and relax with others in an informal and friendly environment.

**Location/Time TBD**.
