---
title: Week 1 Events
subtitle: Regular Events Schedule
tags: [2024, events] # events, year, updates, talks

# Uncomment if post needs to be amended
last_modified_at: 2024-10-03

# Uncomment to show author on post:
show_author : true
author:
  name: Kit (Academic Support)
  avatar: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/30439030
#  (use your github profile picture if you don't have anything else, i.e. https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/30439030)
#  location: "Location" (if applicable)

# Delete this line in your new post:
# include_on_search : false
---

On **Sunday Week 0 (28th)**, we have a **Board Games social**, where we will have a large selection of board games available in the [Undergraduate Workroom](https://campus.warwick.ac.uk/search/623c88f9421e6f5928c0e63b?projectId=warwick), starting from **1600**. This is a great opportunity to meet others interested in maths (especially those outside your year) in a relaxed environment, so please do drop in whenever you're free. We will also be bringing pizza later in the evening.

Note that this is a sober social; please do not bring drinks to this social.

---

On **Wednesday (2nd)**, we will be running our first **Maths Café** of the year. Normally, Maths Café runs from 1200 to 1400, but as we are expecting larger numbers than usual for the first week, the first session will start at **1100** instead. As usual, we will be bringing (a small amount of) food for you to enjoy.

If you have any questions about academics, module options, or any general queries about the university, our academic support officers (and many other attendees) will be happy to help.

---

On **Wednesday (2nd)** we have an careers talk in **MS.02** at **1500**, where we will have an introduction to spring weeks, as well as hosting a CV workshop, where we will help you stand out to recruiters.

---

On **Wednesday (2nd)**, we are running a circle at the **Fusion Bar**, starting at **1900**. The theme for this circle is *Smurfs: The Movie*, so paint yourself blue, throw on a hat, and join the smurf circle of shenanigans; because nothing says "adulting" like pretending to be a blue mushroom-dwelling elf for the night!

---

On **Thursday (3rd)**, we have our first **WMS Talk**, *Summation by Parts: The Right Way to do Numerical Simulations*, with guest speaker Dr Ed Brambley, in **MS.04**, starting at **1800**.

Abstract:
> Computer simulations of sound in aircraft engines use Finite Differences to numerically approximate the derivatives in the governing PDEs. The governing PDEs were derived from physical principles using Integration By Parts (or its 3D equivalent, the Divergence Theorem). But the numerical approximations don't satisfy integration by parts. This can lead to unstable simulations.
>
> Summation By Parts (SBP) is a theoretical idea that complicates creating finite difference approximations by requiring more theory to hold. However, it leads to provably stable simulations, and my current research is on whether there is more deep theory behind the scenes.
>
> In this talk, I'll explain finite differences, summation by parts, and give some simple (1D) example simulation results.  I'll also discuss what we currently don't know.

---

On **Friday (4th)**, we are running **Coffee and Cake** from **1400** to 1500. (In week 0, the event was 2 hours long to accomodate the higher number of attendees, but will be 1 hour from now on.)

**Location TBD**.

---

On **Saturday (5th)**, we are holding trials for the Maths and Stats football team at the **Cryfield Pitches**, from **1045** to **1200**.
