---
title: Weekly Update
subtitle: Week 3
tags: [2024, events] # events, year, updates, talks, sport

# Uncomment if post needs to be amended
# last_modified_at:

show_author : true
author:
  name: Kit (Academic Support)
  avatar: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/30439030
#  location: "Location" (if applicable)
---

We are proud to announce a successful start to this year’s sporting debut, with our mixed netball team securing a 21-13 win against Chemistry Society, and our Men’s football team scoring a 7-0 win against Romanian Society.

In other news, if you’re planning to be in Zeeman building this Saturday, be aware that there is another open day then, so there will be many prospective students around.

<br/>
<br/>

---

On **Wednesday (16th)**, we will be running **Maths Café** in the **UG Workroom** as usual, from **1300** to 1500. As usual, we will be bringing (a small amount of) food for you to enjoy.

If you have any questions about academics, module options, or any general queries about the university, our academic support officers (and many other attendees) will be happy to help.

Also feel free to ask any questions about LaTeX in preparation for our *LaTeX Workshop* (listed below).

---

In collaboration with UWCS, we are running an introductory LaTeX workshop on **Wednesday (16th)** from **1700** to 1900, aimed at first and second year CS and maths students (though everyone is welcome!).

See our post [here]({% post_url 2024-10-12-LaTeX Course %}) for more details.

---

**Wednesday (16th)** is also Ada Lovelace day! There will be 4 speakers followed by a panel discussion with food and drinks after, and the whole event will be running from **1400** to 1600, mostly in **MS.02**.

See our post [here]({% post_url 2024-10-11-Ada Lovelace Day %}) for the sign-up form and more details.

---

The **STEM Fair** is running on **Thursday (17th)**. If you're interested in a career in Science, Technology, Engineering or Maths, come along to the Rootes Building between **1100**-1600, and meet 80 high-profile recruiters.

You can also meet the [WorkReady team](https://myadvantage.warwick.ac.uk/students/events/detail/3414386), whose WorkReady Toolkit provides support for finding, undertaking and completing work experience.

---

On **Thursday (17th)**, we have our regularly scheduled **WMS Talk**, titled *Mean Curvature Flow with Generic Initial Data*, with guest speaker Professor Felix Schulze, in **MS.04**, starting at **1800**.

<style>
blockquote {
    padding: 10px 20px 0 0;
    margin: 0 0 0 0;
    font-size: 15px;
}
</style>

Abstract:
> Mean curvature flow is the gradient flow of the area functional where an embedded hypersurface evolves in direction of its mean curvature vector. This constitutes a natural geometric heat equation for hypersurfaces, which ideally will evolve the embedding into a nicer shape. But due to the nonlinear nature of the equation singularities are guaranteed to form. Nevertheless, a key observation in geometry and physics is that generic solutions, obtained by small perturbations, can exhibit simpler singularities.
>
> In this direction, a conjecture of Huisken posits that a generic mean curvature flow encounters only the simplest singularities. We will discuss work together with Chodosh, Choi and Mantoulidis which together with recent work of Bamler-Kleiner establishes this conjecture for embedded hypersurfaces in R^3.


---

On **Friday (18th)**, we are running **Coffee and Cake**, our weekly welfare event, from **1600** to 1700, in MB0.07 (bottom floor of MSB). Drop in to get a hot drink and some food, and relax with others in an informal and friendly environment.
