---
title: Weekly Update
subtitle: Week 6
tags: [2024, events] # events, year, updates, talks, sport

# Uncomment if post needs to be amended
# last_modified_at:

show_author : true
author:
  name: Aris (Academic Support)
  avatar: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/147326357
#  location: "Location" (if applicable)
---

Congratulations to all those who participated in Round 1 of the UK University Integration Bee on Monday! Stay tuned for the results.

Sports officer says we did well but doesn’t want to quantify the results. Shout out to Joe Day for scoring a last minute winner though!

<br/>
<br/>

### Regular Events Schedule

---

On **Wednesday (6th)**, we will be running **Maths Café** in the **UG Workroom** as always, from **1300** to **1500**. As usual, we will be bringing some food for you to enjoy.

If you have any academic questions, our academic support officers (and many other attendees) will be happy to help. Also feel free to ask any questions about LaTeX.

---

There will be no WMS talk this week. Make sure to take a breather, and join us again in Week 7!

---


On **Thursday (7th)**, we are running **Coffee and Cake**, our weekly welfare event, from **1100** to **1200**, in **MB0.08**. Drop in to get a hot drink and some food, and relax with others in an informal and friendly environment.

---

On **Sunday (10th)**, we have a **Board Games Social**, where we will have a large selection of board games available in the [Undergraduate Workroom](https://campus.warwick.ac.uk/search/623c88f9421e6f5928c0e63b?projectId=warwick), starting from **1600**. This is a great opportunity to meet others interested in maths (especially those outside your year) in a relaxed environment, so please do drop in whenever you're free. We will also be bringing pizza later in the evening.

Note that this is a sober social; please do not bring drinks to this social.
