---
title: Weekly Update
subtitle: Week 4
tags: [2024, events] # events, year, updates, talks, sport

# Uncomment if post needs to be amended
# last_modified_at:

show_author : true
author:
  name: Kit (Academic Support)
  avatar: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/30439030
#  location: "Location" (if applicable)
---

In sporting news this week, our netball team beat History Society 12-4, while our football team beat Portuguese Speaking Society 4-0, and then Turkish society 3-1!

The **Undergraduate Research Support Scheme** (**URSS**) is also opening applications soon. See our post [here]({% post_url 2024-10-21-Undergraduate Research Support Scheme %}) for more details.

<br/>
<br/>

---

On **Wednesday (23rd)**, we will be running **Maths Café** in the **UG Workroom** as always, from **1300** to **1500**. As usual, we will be bringing some food for you to enjoy.

If you have any academic questions, our academic support officers (and many other attendees) will be happy to help. Also feel free to ask any questions about LaTeX.

---

On **Thursday (24th)**, we have our regularly scheduled **WMS Talk**, titled *From Ants to COVID-19: Applications of Mathematical Modelling in Biology and Epidemiology*, with guest speaker Dr Louise Dyson, in **MS.04**, starting at **1800**.

<style>
blockquote {
    padding: 10px 20px 0 0;
    margin: 0 0 0 0;
    font-size: 15px;
}
</style>

Abstract:
> Like many applied mathematicians, I am interested in a variety of ways mathematical modelling may be used to understand the world. In this talk I will discuss two applications. Firstly investigating the phenomenon of noise-induced bistable states, inspired by the organisation of ant colonies, and extending this to consider how coupling together multiple bistable systems may induce synchronisation. Secondly describing my work during the COVID-19 pandemic analysing and modelling variants of concern.

---

On **Thursday (24th)**, we are running **Coffee and Cake**, our weekly welfare event, from **1100** to **1200**, in **MB0.08** (bottom floor of MSB). Drop in to get a hot drink and some food, and relax with others in an informal and friendly environment.

---

In preparation(?) for the [Integration Bee]({% post_url 2024-10-20-Integration Bee %}) running on the 4th (see link for more details), we are running the highly anticipated **Drunk Integration Bee** this **Friday (25th)**, in **MS.03** starting from **1900**. Drop in and see whether there is an inverse relationship between integrability and intoxication!

Despite the name, drinking not required -- please still drop in if you have a desire to do late night maths!
