---
title: Weekly Update
subtitle: Week 8
tags: [2025, events] # events, year, updates, talks

# last_modified_at: 

show_author : true
author:
  name: Alfie Giffen (Publications Officer)
  avatar: /assets/img/logo-large.PNG
# location: "Location" (if applicable)

---

### AGM Announcement
We are having our **AGM (Annual General Meeting)** on **Week 9 Thursday**, where next year's exec will be elected.

Our **AGM (Annual General Meeting)** will be at **1800** on **Thursday Week 9, 6th March** in MS.03. As well as having our elections, there will also be a WMS 2024/25 recap and an opportuniy to discuss ammendments to the society constitution. Nominations for exec positions are also now open; if you want the chance to be part of one of the biggest and most diverse academic societies on campus, then make sure you nominate yourself for our 2025/26 exec committee!

For the available exec roles, see [the exec list]({% link _pages/exec.md %}). Also, feel free to chat with any of the current exec at our society events, and you can contact us online through any of our platforms if you have any concerns or inquiries.

**Key Information**:

1. You can nominate yourself for up to **two** positions.
2. You **must** apply via [this form](https://forms.gle/LDTrdmum3YVd9ZM59) by **Wednesday (26th)** for your nomination to be valid.
3. You **must** be a WMS member to run and vote in elections. You must have purchased a membership before the AGM to be eligible to vote. We will be checking at the door, so please get them now!
4. You will need to prepare a speech to run for **President**, **Vice President**, **Treasurer**, **Social Secretaries**, and **Welfare Officer**. Speeches may be up to 2.5 minutes long.
5. You **cannot** run in pairs, except for the roles of Social Secretaries, and Academic Support.
6. You **cannot** mention any other candidate in your speech, whether as an endorsement or a critique.

It is highly recommended you create a manifesto for all exec positions you run for.

For some example manifestos, see [this post]({% post_url 2025-02-23-Example manifestos %}).

### Regular Events Schedule

---

On **Wednesday (26th)**, we will be running **Maths Café** in the **UG Workroom** as always, from **1400** to **1600**. As usual, we will be bringing some food for you to enjoy.

If you have any academic questions, our academic support officers (and many other attendees) will be happy to help. Also feel free to ask any questions about LaTeX.

---

The maths department are running a **selection test for the IMC (International Mathematics Competition)**, also on **Wednesday (12th)** from **1400** to **1600**. For more information, see [this page](https://warwick.ac.uk/fac/sci/maths/research/events/seminars/areas/imc/2024-25).

*Note: this event is run and organised by the maths department, and is not affiliated with the Society.*

---

Also on **Wednesday (26th)**, the **Warwick Finance Society**'s Quant Team is running the **Annual Warwick Quant Championship** in partnership with Warwick Maths Society and Warwick Statistics Society, from **1600** to **1900** in **FAB 0.03**. With a prize pool worth £1000, the championship will consist of three rounds: mental mathematics, estimation, and statistics. Participants should bring a pen and a calculator. Please sign up [here](https://forms.office.com/pages/responsepage.aspx?id=vc-6Ce9HZUSSZTVG8ur2vMP6s2jakEtDulwa_pWsmEJUQUFQRE9BQko5V0NUMElZT0pYRDM3WkE1UCQlQCN0PWcu&origin=lprLink&route=shorturl) before the event.

---

On **Thursday (27th)**, we have our regularly scheduled **WMS Talk**, titled *TBA*, with guest speaker Dr Clarice Poon in **MS.04**, starting at **1800** until **1900**.

<style>
blockquote {
    padding: 10px 20px 0 0;
    margin: 0 0 0 0;
    font-size: 15px;
}
</style>

Abstract:
> *TBA*

As always, free pizza will be provided after the talk (suitable for all dietary requirements).

---

On **Friday (28th)**, we are running **Coffee and Cake**, our weekly welfare event, from **1500** to **1600**, in **MB0.07**. Drop in to get a hot drink and some free food, and relax with others in an informal and friendly environment.

---

For those that have signed up, the second **Warwick Imperial (WIMP) Conference** this year is happening on **Saturday (1st)** at **Imperial**.
