---
title: Weekly Update
subtitle: Week 7
tags: [2025, events] # events, year, updates, talks

# last_modified_at: 

show_author : true
author:
  name: Alfie Giffen (Publications Officer)
  avatar: /assets/img/logo-large.PNG
# location: "Location" (if applicable)

---

### Regular Events Schedule

---

On **Monday (17th)**, we are collaborating with the **Economics Society** for their in-person news event, **EconToday**, from **1600** to **1700** in **LIB2**. This week, the focusses will include:
* Deep Seek, AI & the UK's potential opportunity
* Friedrich Mertz: Germany's Chancellor in waiting (and how his leadership will affect Europe)

There will also be a Kahoot quiz with prizes available. 

---

On **Tuesday (18th)**, we are running **Coffee and Cake**, our weekly welfare event, from **1200** to **1300** (note the change of day and time), in **MB0.07**. Drop in to get a free hot drink and some free food, and relax with others in an informal and friendly environment.

---

On **Wednesday (19th)**, we will be running **Maths Café** in the **UG Workroom** as always, from **1400** to **1600**. As usual, we will be bringing some food for you to enjoy.

If you have any academic questions, our academic support officers (and many other attendees) will be happy to help. Also feel free to ask any questions about LaTeX.

---

On **Thursday (20th)**, we have our regularly scheduled **WMS Talk** titled *Cosmology: an interactive introduction*, with guest speaker Dr Siri Chongchitnan, in **MS.04**, starting at **1800** until **1900**.

<style>
blockquote {
    padding: 10px 20px 0 0;
    margin: 0 0 0 0;
    font-size: 15px;
}
</style>

Abstract:
> I will give an overview of what cosmology research involves through a fun Kahoot quiz! No prior knowledge needed.

As always, free pizza will be provided after the talk (suitable for all dietary requirements).
