---
title: Weekly Update
subtitle: Week 7
tags: [2025, events] # events, year, updates, talks, sport

# Uncomment if post needs to be amended
last_modified_at: 2025-11-17

show_author : true
author:
  name: Jakob Wood (Publications Officer)
  avatar: /assets/img/logo-large.PNG
#  location: "Location" (if applicable)

---

We have a number of job and internship listings from our sponsors. [Check them out](/job-listings)!

---

This year, the Warwick Maths, Statistics and Physics Societies ball will have the theme **masquerade**, save the date of **21st February 2026**. Tickets will go on sale soon!

---

### Regular Events Schedule

---

On **Wednesday (19th)**, we will be running **Maths Café** in the **[Undergraduate Workroom (A0.05)](https://link.mazemap.com/wmdZa2Od)**, from **13:00** to **15:00**. As usual, we will be bringing (a small amount of) food for you to enjoy.

If you have any questions about academics, module options, or any general queries about the university, our academic support officers (and many other attendees) will be happy to help.


---

On **Thursday (20th)**, we are running our annual **Drunk Integration Bee!**. Come along to test your skills at **19:00** in **[MS.03](https://link.mazemap.com/MVOK4it9)**. Bring your own booze, but please make sure to take all your rubbish with you, especially glass.

---

Also on **Thursday (20th)**, we have our regularly scheduled **WMS Talk**, titled * Optimal transport*, with guest speaker Professor Marie-Therese Wolfram, in **[MS.04](https://link.mazemap.com/DmtVCn9z)**, from **18:00** to **19:00**, with free pizza afterwards.

<style>
blockquote {
    padding: 10px 20px 0 0;
    margin: 0 0 0 0;
    font-size: 15px;
}
</style>

Abstract:
> In this talk I will give an introduction to optimal transport, starting with the classic problem of Gaspard Monge. I will then present Kanatorovich's relaxation and the corresponding dual problem, which enabled today's analytic framework. After discussing the analytic foundation, I will review recent advances in computational optimal transport - in particular entropic regularisation and Sinkhorn algorithm. Finally, I will give you a very brief glimpse into my own research on inverse optimal transport, which focuses on developing tools to infer underlying transport costs from observations of optimal transportation plans.

---



On **Friday (21st)**, we are running **Coffee and Cake**, our weekly welfare event, from **14:00** to **15:00**, in **[MB0.08](https://link.mazemap.com/CkhUH7g4)**. Drop in to get a hot drink and some food, and relax with others in an informal and friendly environment.


---


On **Sunday (23rd)**, for those of you looking for some fun extra maths, we have the **ICMC (Imperial-Cambridge Maths Competition)!**. The competition takes place from **13:00** in **[MS.04](https://link.mazemap.com/DmtVCn9z)** in Zeeman. Interested? See our instagram for more info, and fill out the [form](https://forms.gle/mAm4AWNTp15gNMjb6) to sign up.

---