---
title: Weekly Update
subtitle: Week 8
tags: [2025, events] # events, year, updates, talks, sport

# Uncomment if post needs to be amended
last_modified_at: 2025-11-25

show_author : true
author:
  name: Alfie Giffen (Publications Officer)
  avatar: /assets/img/logo-large.PNG
#  location: "Location" (if applicable)

---

We have a number of job and internship listings from our sponsors. [Check them out](/job-listings)!

---

If you'd be interested in WMS 5-a-side football, please fill out [this interest form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd4rKaOd5n11n1o2zbvBUanAavmbLj_MxDo28bB8KSgpUTniA/viewform?usp=publish-editor).

---

If you're taking part in the WMS mentorship scheme, please fill out [the feedback form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScytA-FnBpVuPUydO9hQlM-xqSZOXeGl91LaX9WxOnCOHx_tQ/viewform?usp=dialog)!

---

This year, the Warwick Maths, Statistics and Physics Societies ball will have the theme **masquerade**. Save the date of **21st February 2026**. Tickets will go on sale soon!

---

### Regular Events Schedule

---

On **Wednesday (26th)**, we will be running **Maths Café** in the **[Undergraduate Workroom (A0.05)](https://link.mazemap.com/wmdZa2Od)**, from **13:00** to **15:00**. As usual, we will be bringing (a small amount of) food for you to enjoy.

If you have any questions about academics, module options, or any general queries about the university, our academic support officers (and many other attendees) will be happy to help.

---

Also on **Thursday (27th)**, we have our regularly scheduled **WMS Talk**, titled *What is K-Theory?*, with guest speaker Dr Sunny Sood, in **[B3.03](https://link.mazemap.com/MZ3eWPc1)**, from **18:00** to **19:00**, with free pizza afterwards.

<style>
blockquote {
    padding: 10px 20px 0 0;
    margin: 0 0 0 0;
    font-size: 15px;
}
</style>

Abstract:
> K-Theory has seen rapid progress over recent years and beautifully links many areas of mathematics. However, the difficult and esoteric nature of the subject makes it hard to grasp and comprehend, especially for undergraduates. I think this is a shame. I am therefore motivated to give a talk that attempts to convey the intuition of the subject, the tools necessary to study the subject, and a survey of problems/results that hopefully give a flavour of research within the subject. If by the end of the talk you walk away with an idea of what K-Theory is, I would have achieved my goal!

---

On **Friday (28th)**, we are running **Coffee and Cake**, our weekly welfare event, from **16:00** to **17:00**, in **[MB0.07](https://link.mazemap.com/CkhUH7g4)**. Drop in to get a hot drink and some food, and relax with others in an informal and friendly environment.


---

On **Saturday (29th)**, WMS is collaborating with the Physics, Chemistry, Biology, Astronomy, Engineering and Computer Science societies to run a **STEM quiz** to raise money for Movember. The quiz rill run from **15:00** to **18:00** in **[OC0.01](https://link.mazemap.com/WRrCq2mH)**.

---