---
title: Weekly Update
subtitle: Week 1
tags: [2025, events] # events, year, updates, talks

# last_modified_at: 

show_author : true
author:
  name: Alfie & Ekaterina (Publications Officers)
  avatar: /assets/img/logo-large.PNG
# location: "Location" (if applicable)

---

Welcome to the new term! Warwick Maths Society has plenty of events again this term, so stay tuned to hear about them.

---

Our sports officer is looking to create a new sports team. [Please fill out this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdY6aSnmNad0kfVLqHeZ5Wqxu75vV20dep05GPFxrW_Rrwxpg/viewform) to indicate what team you'd want to play in.

---

The maths department are running a number of training sessions for the IMC (International Mathematics Competition), starting from next week. These are open to everyone, including those who do not wish to try out for Warwick's team. For more information, see [this page](https://warwick.ac.uk/fac/sci/maths/research/events/seminars/areas/imc/2024-25).

### Regular Events Schedule

---

On **Monday (6th)**, our fresher's reps are running an event in **MB0.07** from **1900** to **2100**. This event will include board games and will be a great way to catch up with friends and socialise following the Analysis 1 exam.

---

On **Wednesday (8th)**, we will be running **Maths Café** in the **UG Workroom** as always, from **1400** to **1600**. As usual, we will be bringing some food for you to enjoy.

If you have any academic questions, our academic support officers (and many other attendees) will be happy to help. Also feel free to ask any questions about LaTeX.

---

Also on **Thursday (9th)**, we have our regularly scheduled **WMS Talk** titled *Finite Group Theory: The major problems, and why we care*, with guest speaker Dr Gareth Tracey, in **MS.04**, starting at **1800**.

<style>
blockquote {
    padding: 10px 20px 0 0;
    margin: 0 0 0 0;
    font-size: 15px;
}
</style>

Abstract:
> Finite group theorists have, in a certain sense, a very simple ultimate goal: to classify all of the finite groups. This problem, known as `The Extension problem’, is (at least at the moment) completely intractable, so we have to find other ways to understand the behaviour of finite groups. In this talk, I will speak about how group theorists have tried to do this, from breaking groups down into smaller parts; to studying properties of groups from a probabilistic perspective; to finding ways to check whether or not a given group is even finite in the first place. I will focus in particular on asymptotic vs. deterministic group theory. We will see the history of some of the resulting problems and questions; what the most important open problems are today; and why they matter.

As always, pizza will be provided after the talk (suitable for all dietry requirements).

---

Also on **Thursday (9th)**, we have a Maths Pub Crawl. First years should meet in the **Tbar** at **1900** while everyone else should meet in the **Clarendon** at **2000**.

---

~~On **Friday (10th)**, we are running **Coffee and Cake**, our weekly welfare event, from **1600** to **1700**, in **MS.04**. Drop in to get a hot drink and some food, and relax with others in an informal and friendly environment.~~

Coffee and Cake is cancelled this week due to problems with room booking. Coffee and Cake will return next week.
