---
title: Weekly Update
subtitle: Week 10
tags: [2025, events] # events, year, updates, talks, sport

# Uncomment if post needs to be amended
last_modified_at: 2025-12-02

show_author : true
author:
  name: Alfie Giffen (Publications Officer)
  avatar: /assets/img/logo-large.PNG
#  location: "Location" (if applicable)

---

We have a number of job and internship listings from our sponsors. [Check them out](/job-listings)!

---

This year, the Warwick Maths, Statistics and Physics Societies ball will have the theme **masquerade**. Save the date of **21st February 2026**. Tickets will go on sale soon!

---

### Regular Events Schedule

---

On **Wednesday (10th)**, we will be running **Maths Café** in the **[Undergraduate Workroom (A0.05)](https://link.mazemap.com/wmdZa2Od)**, from **13:00** to **15:00**. As usual, we will be bringing (a small amount of) food for you to enjoy.

If you have any questions about academics, module options, or any general queries about the university, our academic support officers (and many other attendees) will be happy to help.

---

Also on **Wednesday (10th)**, we will be running a **Christmas circle** in **[The Assembly, Leamington Spa](https://maps.app.goo.gl/4AjLbnWxtFjpyD4r9)** from **19:00** . Note that the Assembly is **cash only**, so please ensure that you bring some cash with you.

---

On **Thursday (11th)**, there will be a **Breaking Barriers at Breakfast** social for women and underrepresented gendres in the maths department. This will be a chance to meet people at all degrees stafes, to talk to staff members and PhD students about their experiences, and to get some free food. It will run from **11:00** until **12:00** in the **[IAS Seminar Room, C0.02 in the Zeeman Building](https://link.mazemap.com/kmvgMnJA)**.

---

Also on **Thursday (11th)**, we have our regularly scheduled **WMS Talk**, titled *Great Expectations: Random Graphs and the Kahn-Kalai Conjecture*, with guest speaker Dr Natalie Behague, in **[B3.03](https://link.mazemap.com/MZ3eWPc1)**, from **18:00** to **19:00**, with free pizza afterwards.

<style>
blockquote {
    padding: 10px 20px 0 0;
    margin: 0 0 0 0;
    font-size: 15px;
}
</style>

Abstract:
> Given a random graph, it is very natural to ask whether it has your favourite graph property (e.g. does it contain a triangle? or, is it connected?). Surprisingly, any increasing property has a 'threshold': if we include edges in the random graph with a probability below the threshold, we almost surely do not have the property, and if edges are included with probability above the threshold, we almost surely do. The existence of thresholds has been known since the '80s, but actually finding the value of a threshold is a different matter. We can consider expectations to get an easy lower bound on a threshold, but we had no such easy way to get upper bounds. In this talk I will tell you about an incredibly powerful result published only last year, which tells us that the lower bound coming from expectations is actually always pretty close to the truth.

> This talk is designed to be accessible for all maths students: no prior knowledge of the theory of random graphs will be assumed.

---

Please note that **there will be no Coffee and Cake this week**.

---