---
title: Weekly Update
subtitle: Week 5
tags: [2025, events] # events, year, updates, talks

# last_modified_at: 

show_author : true
author:
  name: Alfie & Ekaterina (Publications Officers)
  avatar: /assets/img/logo-large.PNG
# location: "Location" (if applicable)

---

Registration of interest for Round 2 of the **Warwick Imperial (WIMP) Mathematics Conference**, taking place on **Saturday 1st of March** at Imperial College London, is still open! To register your interest, please [fill out this form as soon as possible](https://forms.gle/uE31RZchzFvurhbRA).

If you have any questions about the event or the form, please contact [talks@warwickmaths.org](mailto://talks@warwickmaths.org).

---

### Regular Events Schedule

---

The maths department are running a number of **training sessions for the IMC (International Mathematics Competition)**, with the third session on **Wednesday (5th)**. These are open to everyone, including those who do not wish to try out for Warwick's team. For more information (including practise problems and their solutions from previous talks), see [this page](https://warwick.ac.uk/fac/sci/maths/research/events/seminars/areas/imc/2024-25). The topic this week will be linear algebra, presented by the PhD student Jan Kus in **MS.03** from **1300** to **1400**.

*Note: this event is run & organised by the maths department and is not affiliated with the Society.*

---

Also on **Wednesday (5th)**, we will be running **Maths Café** in the **UG Workroom** as always, from **1400** to **1600**. As usual, we will be bringing some food for you to enjoy.

If you have any academic questions, our academic support officers (and many other attendees) will be happy to help. Also feel free to ask any questions about LaTeX.

---

Also on **Wednesday (5th)**, there is a **compulsory meeting for all Winter Ball attendees** from **1500** in **MS.01**.

---

Also on **Wednesday (5th)**, we will be running a **quiz night** in collaboration with the **Warwick Women’s Careers Society**, from **1600** to **1700** in **OC0.04**.

---

Also on **Wednesday (5th)**, we will be running a **circle** with the theme **fruit salad** from **1930** in the **[The Assembly, Leamington](https://assemblyleamington.com/)**.

---

On **Thursday (6th)**, we have our regularly scheduled **WMS Talk** titled *Prime Number Races*, with guest PhD speaker Arshay Sheth, in **MS.04**, starting at **1800** until **1900**.

<style>
blockquote {
    padding: 10px 20px 0 0;
    margin: 0 0 0 0;
    font-size: 15px;
}
</style>

Abstract:
> We can divide all odd prime numbers into two teams: "Team \\(1\\)" consisting of those prime numbers which are \\(1 \\mod 4\\), and "Team \\(3\\)" consisting of those prime numbers which are \\(3 \\mod 4\\). Thus,

> Team \\(1\\):  \\(5, 13, 17, 29, 37, 41, 53, 61, 73, 89, 93, 97, \\ldots\\)

> Team \\(3\\):  \\(3, 7, 11, 19, 23, 31, 43, 47, 59, 67, 71, 79, 83, \\ldots\\)

> At any given point, numerical data suggests that Team \\(3\\) seems to always be in the lead; that is, for a given number \\(x\\), the number of primes in Team \\(3\\) less than \\(x\\) always seems to be greater than the number of primes in Team \\(1\\) less than \\(x\\). 

> Which Team eventually wins this race? Why? What about races between primes in other situations? We'll explore these questions in this talk, and see that they tie in with many topics of contemporary research in number theory.

As always, free pizza will be provided after the talk (suitable for all dietary requirements).

---

On **Friday (7th)**, we are running **Coffee and Cake**, our weekly welfare event, from **1500** to **1600**, in **MB0.07**. Drop in to get a free hot drink and some free food, and relax with others in an informal and friendly environment.
