---
title: Weekly Update
subtitle: Week 4
tags: [2025, events] # events, year, updates, talks

# last_modified_at: 

show_author : true
author:
  name: Alfie & Ekaterina (Publications Officers)
  avatar: /assets/img/logo-large.PNG
# location: "Location" (if applicable)

---

Registration of interest for Round 2 of the **Warwick Imperial (WIMP) Mathematics Conference**, taking place on **Saturday 1st of March** at Imperial College London, is still open! To register your interest, please [fill out this form as soon as possible](https://forms.gle/uE31RZchzFvurhbRA).

If you have any questions about the event or the form, please contact [talks@warwickmaths.org](mailto://talks@warwickmaths.org).

---

### Regular Events Schedule

---

The maths department are running a number of **training sessions for the IMC (International Mathematics Competition)**, with the third session on **Wednesday (29th)**. These are open to everyone, including those who do not wish to try out for Warwick's team. For more information (including practise problems and their solutions from previous talks), see [this page](https://warwick.ac.uk/fac/sci/maths/research/events/seminars/areas/imc/2024-25). The topic this week will be summation, presented by Jun Jan in **MS.03** from **1300** to **1400**.

*Note: this event is run & organised by the maths department and is not affiliated with the Society.*

---

Also on **Wednesday (29th)**, we will be running **Maths Café** in the **UG Workroom** as always, from **1400** to **1600**. As usual, we will be bringing some food for you to enjoy.

If you have any academic questions, our academic support officers (and many other attendees) will be happy to help. Also feel free to ask any questions about LaTeX.

---

On **Thursday (30th)**, we have our regularly scheduled **WMS Talk** titled *A mathematical introduction to entropy*, with guest speaker Professor Tim Austin, in **MS.04**, starting at **1800** until **1900**.

<style>
blockquote {
    padding: 10px 20px 0 0;
    margin: 0 0 0 0;
    font-size: 15px;
}
</style>

Abstract:
> Entropy first appeared as a rather mysterious phenomenon governing certain processes in the physics of heat.  It was then given a concrete meaning in the foundations of statistical mechanics laid by Boltzmann, Maxwell and Gibbs.  Later still, Shannon's introduction of information theory included a variant of entropy that answers basic questions in that field.  By now different notions of entropy have found essential roles in many branches of pure and applied mathematics, and have became of an object of investigation in their own right.

> This talk will be a gentle introduction to the entropy of a discrete probability distribution.  By focusing on some simple toy examples from information theory and statistical physics, I will try to illustrate why a single quantity has such a pivotal role in both of these fields and many others.

As always, free pizza will be provided after the talk (suitable for all dietary requirements).

---

On **Friday (31st)**, we are running **Coffee and Cake**, our weekly welfare event, from **1500** to **1600**, in **MB0.07**. Drop in to get a free hot drink and some free food, and relax with others in an informal and friendly environment.
