---
title: Weekly Update
subtitle: Week 3
tags: [2025, events] # events, year, updates, talks, sport

# Uncomment if post needs to be amended
# last_modified_at:

show_author : true
author:
  name: Alfie Giffen (publications officer)
  avatar: /assets/img/logo-large.PNG
#  location: "Location" (if applicable)

---

### Regular Events Schedule

---

On **Wednesday (22nd)**, we will be running **Maths Café** in the **[Undergraduate Workroom (A0.05)](https://link.mazemap.com/wmdZa2Od)**, from **13:00** to **15:00**. As usual, we will be bringing (a small amount of) food for you to enjoy.

If you have any questions about academics, module options, or any general queries about the university, our academic support officers (and many other attendees) will be happy to help.

---

Also on **Wednesday (22nd)**, we will be running an event for **[Ada Lovelace Day](https://findingada.com/events/)** (which was on the 14th of October) in collaboration with the Warwick Statistics Society and the University of Warwick Computing Society, in **[MS.01](https://link.mazemap.com/BdIks8om)**, from **14:00** to **17:00**. Come along to hear four female Warwick alumni from maths, computer science and physics talk about their careers after graduation.

---

Also on **Wednesday (22nd)**, we will be running a **circle** with the theme "cowgirls and cowboys" in **[The Assembly, Leamington Spa](https://maps.app.goo.gl/4AjLbnWxtFjpyD4r9)** from **19:00** . Note that the Assembly is **cash only**, so please ensure that you bring some cash with you.

---

On **Thursday (23rd)**, we have our regularly scheduled **WMS Talk**, titled *Paradoxical decompositions, amenability and random walks on groups*, with guest speaker Professor Richard Sharp, in **[MS.04](https://link.mazemap.com/DmtVCn9z)**, from **18:00** to **19:00**, with free pizza afterwards.

<style>
blockquote {
    padding: 10px 20px 0 0;
    margin: 0 0 0 0;
    font-size: 15px;
}
</style>

Abstract:
> We will begin by discussing the famous Banach—Tarski paradox and a general notion of paradoxical decomposition of a space with respect to a group, and how this lead von Neumann to introduce the concept of an amenable group. Then we will discuss probabilities on groups, how these define "random walks" and how easy (or otherwise) it is to return to the identity element. It turns out, for symmetric walks, that, by a famous theorem of Kesten from the 1950s, this will also relate to amenability. Finally, we will describe a recent result with Rhiannon Dougall (Durham University) that extends Kesten's result to the non-symmetric case.

---

On **Friday (24th)**, we are running **Coffee and Cake**, our weekly welfare event, from **16:00** to **17:00**, in **[MB0.07](https://link.mazemap.com/CkhUH7g4)**. Drop in to get a hot drink and some food, and relax with others in an informal and friendly environment.
