---
title: Weekly Update
subtitle: Week 2
tags: [2025, events] # events, year, updates, talks, sport

# Uncomment if post needs to be amended
# last_modified_at:

show_author : true
author:
  name: Alfie Giffen (publications officer)
  avatar: /assets/img/logo-large.PNG
#  location: "Location" (if applicable)
---

WMS Fresher Representative applications are open, and close next Sunday 19th October at midnight! To apply, fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScDEvyDxmu3h0bf-gI_ggtoRV_C6krWVQ_2RyjPTHlqmtq6tA/viewform?usp=header). This is a great opportunity to see what being an exec member is like!

---

We’re excited to announce that speaker applications are now open for the first round of the Warwick–Imperial (WIMP) Mathematics Conference of the academic year 2025/26!  

We’re looking for speakers to give 45-minute talks to an audience of maths undergraduates from Warwick and Imperial on Saturday 15th November, taking place in [MS.01](https://link.mazemap.com/lbzscS9z) and [MS.02](https://link.mazemap.com/GINcHcKw) in the Zeeman Building. This opportunity is perfect for anyone who has done a URSS or any research project! If you're interested, send your title and abstract to [talks@warwickmaths.org](mailto://talks@warwickmaths.org). Speaker applications close on Saturday 25th October.

Priority goes to 3rd year, 4th year and MSc students, but all are welcome to apply! Unsuccessful applications will be reconsidered for Round 2 at Imperial next term! 

If you are interested in attending but not presenting, please fill out [this form](https://forms.gle/2sEa95RyZAn8rC3VA) to register your interest.

---

The Mathematical Finance Magazine of Warwick Finance Societies (WFS) are recruiting writers for their magazine! Fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScLhE9cZtBa4zqvggF9AYBnt2TMNDxBOaigl2q_oN_hQpAVrQ/viewform) to apply.

<br/>
<br/>

### Regular Events Schedule

---

On **Wednesday (15th)**, we will be running **Maths Café** in the **[Undergraduate Workroom (A0.05)](https://link.mazemap.com/wmdZa2Od)**, from **1300** to **1500**. As usual, we will be bringing (a small amount of) food for you to enjoy.

If you have any questions about academics, module options, or any general queries about the university, our academic support officers (and many other attendees) will be happy to help.

---

On **Thursday (16th)**, we are running **Coffee and Cake**, our weekly welfare event, from **1100** to **1200**, in **[MB0.08](https://link.mazemap.com/PHVnp24p)**. Drop in to get a hot drink and some food, and relax with others in an informal and friendly environment.

---

Also on **Thursday (16th)**, we have our regularly scheduled **WMS Talk**, titled *Multi-scale analysis and a variety of real-world applications*, with guest speaker Dr Ellen Luckins, in **[MS.04](https://link.mazemap.com/DmtVCn9z)**, from **1800** to **1900**, with free pizza afterwards.

<style>
blockquote {
    padding: 10px 20px 0 0;
    margin: 0 0 0 0;
    font-size: 15px;
}
</style>

Abstract:
> Many real-world systems depend on multiple very different lengthscales or timescales. For example, the flow of air through the filter in your vacuum cleaner depends on both the drag forces in the tiny filter pores, with a lengthscale on the order of microns, and also on the pressure gradient across the filter that drives the flow, on a much larger lengthscale of centimetres. It is complicated and costly to solve these types of multi-scale systems directly. However, mathematicians have developed a type of asymptotic analysis known as the "method of multiple scales" to systematically simplify these multi-scale problems, making them much easier to understand and solve. In this talk, I will introduce this mathematical method and the key ideas involved. I'll describe several powerful applications of this method to problems including mechanics, fluid flow, electrical batteries, filtration, and manufacturing. I'll also discuss some current mathematical questions about the method and its extensions. The talk will cover a range of mathematical ideas and applications, and will be accessible to all undergraduate students.
