---
title: Weekly Update
subtitle: Week 5
tags: [2025, events] # events, year, updates, talks, sport

# Uncomment if post needs to be amended
# last_modified_at:

show_author : true
author:
  name: Jakob Wood (Publications Officer)
  avatar: /assets/img/logo-large.PNG
#  location: "Location" (if applicable)

---

### Regular Events Schedule

---

On **Tuesday (4th)**, we are running a **Pub Golf** with **Warwick Literature Society**! Meet at the Dirty Duck at **1900** to head into Leamington at around **20:00**. Don't forget to **[sign up](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfPsEvFbVmEDLd1Epjyv9LLoEpsZXF9ovYOjWUJyvN1c2XNmw/viewform?fbclid=PAb21jcAN0iG1leHRuA2FlbQIxMQABp3MuQcezZk_YxcQuCBuJ6xEHVXhVrt3vxzk-iYxyg-nH7ep4PFDfIBDJh-2-_aem_a19XCTZ3z9OD465d3nW5Dg)** using the form linked, let's show those Literature students how to drink!

---

On **Wednesday (5th)**, we will be running **Maths Café** in the **[Undergraduate Workroom (A0.05)](https://link.mazemap.com/wmdZa2Od)**, from **13:00** to **15:00**. As usual, we will be bringing (a small amount of) food for you to enjoy.

If you have any questions about academics, module options, or any general queries about the university, our academic support officers (and many other attendees) will be happy to help.

---

On **Thursday (6th)**, we have our regularly scheduled **WMS Talk**, titled *Thinking Mathematically*, with PhD student speaker  Eva Zaat, in **[MS.04](https://link.mazemap.com/DmtVCn9z)**, from **18:00** to **19:00**, with free pizza afterwards.

<style>
blockquote {
    padding: 10px 20px 0 0;
    margin: 0 0 0 0;
    font-size: 15px;
}
</style>

Abstract:
> Most people will have come across a maths problem that they could not immediately solve at some point. You have likely felt stuck on a maths exercise          yourself. So, how do we get un-stuck?
  In this talk, we’ll break down the problem-solving process we use whenever we tackle a maths problem by creating a simple rubric. We’ll also discuss general strategies you may already be using to explore your options when you get stuck. You might think, “I’m an undergrad in a maths-related field; I know how to do maths.” That’s true! But have you never wallowed in despair because you cannot solve the problem? If not, do you think that will not happen during the next few years? Even if you are that brilliant, can you teach someone else to do it? Clearly communicating your thought process is a valuable skill, especially when sharing (in progress) research - this includes 2nd year essays, URSS, MIA projects and R-projects. The aim of this talk is to help improve our mathematical thinking and communication skills.

---

On **Friday (7th)**, we are running **Coffee and Cake**, our weekly welfare event, from **16:00** to **17:00**, in **[MB0.07](https://link.mazemap.com/CkhUH7g4)**. Drop in to get a hot drink and some food, and relax with others in an informal and friendly environment.
