---
title: Weekly Update
subtitle: Week 9
tags: [2025, events] # events, year, updates, talks

# last_modified_at: 

show_author : true
author:
  name: Alfie Giffen (Publications Officer)
  avatar: /assets/img/logo-large.PNG
# location: "Location" (if applicable)

---

### Regular Events Schedule

---

On **Tuesday (4th)** (a **different day than usual**), we have our regularly scheduled **WMS Talk** titled *Noncommutative Singularity Theory*, with guest speaker Professor Gavin Brown in **MS.04**, starting at **1800** until **1900**.


<style>
blockquote {
    padding: 10px 20px 0 0;
    margin: 0 0 0 0;
    font-size: 15px;
}
</style>

Abstract:
> Classical singularity theory solves problems like deciding when two functions, \\(f(x,y)\\) and \\(g(x,y)\\) say as real functions of \\((x,y)\\) in \\(\\mathbb{R}^2\\), are the same near a point (up to a change of coordinates). For a wide range of functions, it even gives nice standard forms to compare them to. It has many generalisations and applications, including catastrophe theory and the study of singularities on geometric objects. I will discuss this a little, before switching to noncommutating variables \\(x,y\\). That change hints at a new subject, one that is barely even defined yet: noncommutative singularity theory. From the kickoff, there are lots of questions that translate from the classical situation whose answers are not known. The shift to noncommutative is not gratuitous: it reflects deeper facts about deformations of geometric objects. Though I won’t explain the details of this, its strength is that elementary results we gain for noncommuting variables often have deep and difficult consequences in geometry. I will give the flavour of this through examples, and a hint about how a piece of supercharged linear algebra (an \\(A\\)-infinity calculation) relates the two. I hope to explain some problems that you could try to solve for yourself (if you have a few weeks free over summer).

As always, free pizza will be provided after the talk (suitable for all dietary requirements).

---

On **Wednesday (5th)**, we will be running **Maths Café** in the **UG Workroom** as always, from **1400** to **1600**. As usual, we will be bringing some food for you to enjoy.

If you have any academic questions, our academic support officers (and many other attendees) will be happy to help. Also feel free to ask any questions about LaTeX.

---

Our **AGM (Annual General Meeting)** will be at **1800** on **Thursday (6th)** in **MS.03**. As well as having our elections, there will also be a WMS 2024/25 recap and an opportuniy to discuss amendments to the society constitution. Nominations for exec positions are now closed, but you can still run on the night if no-one else is running for a role. Come along to have a say in how the society is led and run in the future! Make sure you purchase a society membership before the AGM to be able to run and vote! 

You can view the candidates and their manifestos [on this page]({% post_url 2025-03-03-Manifestos %}).

---

On **Friday (7th)**, we are running **Coffee and Cake**, our weekly welfare event, from **1500** to **1600**, in **MB0.07**. Drop in to get a hot drink and some free food, and relax with others in an informal and friendly environment.
