---
title: Weekly Update
subtitle: Week 3
tags: [2025, events] # events, year, updates, talks

# last_modified_at: 

show_author : true
author:
  name: Alfie & Ekaterina (Publications Officers)
  avatar: /assets/img/logo-large.PNG
# location: "Location" (if applicable)

---

Registration of interest for Round 2 of the **Warwick Imperial (WIMP) Mathematics Conference**, taking place on **Saturday 1st of March** at Imperial College London, is now open! To register your interest, please [fill out this form as soon as possible](https://forms.gle/uE31RZchzFvurhbRA).

---

Professor Helena Verrill (the speaker for last week's talk) is looking for potential cocreators for a third year cryptography modual running next year. If you're interested in this, please [fill in this form](https://forms.office.com/pages/responsepage.aspx?id=vc-6Ce9HZUSSZTVG8ur2vOrskBY5W4JGmVFwv4rOV2NURVFUQ1dTTk9TWDA1SjI3QlNaSDRaUDJSUS4u).

---

### Regular Events Schedule

---

The maths department are running a number of **training sessions for the IMC (International Mathematics Competition)**, with the second session on **Wednesday (22nd)**. These are open to everyone, including those who do not wish to try out for Warwick's team. For more information (including practise problems and their solutions from last week's combinatorics talk), see [this page](https://warwick.ac.uk/fac/sci/maths/research/events/seminars/areas/imc/2024-25). The topic this week will be group theory, presented by the PhD student Ittihad Hasib in **B1.01 (Zeeman)** from **1300** to **1400**.

*Note: this event is run & organised by the maths department and is not affiliated with the Society.*

---

Also on **Wednesday (22nd)**, we will be running **Maths Café** in the **UG Workroom** as always, from **1400** to **1600**. As usual, we will be bringing some food for you to enjoy.

If you have any academic questions, our academic support officers (and many other attendees) will be happy to help. Also feel free to ask any questions about LaTeX.

---

On **Thursday (23rd)**, we have our regularly scheduled **WMS Talk** titled *Multi-scale analysis and some real-world applications*, with guest speaker Dr Ellen Luckins, in **MS.04**, starting at **1800** until **1900**.

<style>
blockquote {
    padding: 10px 20px 0 0;
    margin: 0 0 0 0;
    font-size: 15px;
}
</style>

Abstract:
> Many real-world systems depend on multiple very different lengthscales or timescales. For example, the flow of air through the filter in your vacuum cleaner depends on both the drag forces in the tiny filter pores, with a lengthscale on the order of microns, and also on the pressure gradient across the filter that drives the flow, on a much larger lengthscale of centimetres. It is complicated and costly to solve these types of multi-scale systems directly. However, mathematicians have developed a type of asymptotic analysis known as the "method of multiple scales" to systematically simplify these multi-scale problems, making them much easier to understand and solve. In this talk I will introduce this mathematical method, which is important in much of my research, and the key ideas involved. I'll describe several powerful applications of this method to problems including mechanics, fluid flow, electrical batteries, filtration, and mineral extraction. I'll also discuss some current mathematical questions about the method: its limitations and its extensions. The talk will cover a range of mathematical ideas and applications, and will be accessible to all undergraduate students.

As always, pizza will be provided after the talk (suitable for all dietary requirements).

---

On **Friday (24th)**, we are running **Coffee and Cake**, our weekly welfare event, from **1500** to **1600**, in **MB0.07**. Drop in to get a hot drink and some food, and relax with others in an informal and friendly environment.
