---
title: Weekly Update
subtitle: Week 9
tags: [2025, events] # events, year, updates, talks, sport

# Uncomment if post needs to be amended
last_modified_at: 2025-12-02

show_author : true
author:
  name: Alfie Giffen (Publications Officer)
  avatar: /assets/img/logo-large.PNG
#  location: "Location" (if applicable)

---

We have a number of job and internship listings from our sponsors. [Check them out](/job-listings)! Of particular interest is TPP's summer internship program: 

The summer internship is for university students who are in their penultimate year. Working alongside our Software Developers you’ll get the opportunity to work on exciting new projects, developing cutting-edge software. Our interns typically join us for 8 to 12 weeks but we are flexible on duration and start dates.

Our Software Developers work on a wide variety of projects as part of an agile development environment. Interns are involved in the full software cycle and work closely with all teams across the company as they scope out new projects and design, develop and deploy our solutions.

To apply, please visit https://tpp-careers.com/roles/summer-internship-software-developer/.

---

This year, the Warwick Maths, Statistics and Physics Societies ball will have the theme **masquerade**. Save the date of **21st February 2026**. Tickets will go on sale soon!

---

### Regular Events Schedule

---

On **Tuesday (2nd)**, we will have an **information session for the upcoming WMS tour** in **[MS.05](https://link.mazemap.com/ZwKrl8qM)**, from **17:00** to **18:00**. The tour will be in **Budapest, Hungary** and will occur from **Monday 23rd March** to **Friday 27th March** during the Easter holidays this academic year. Tickets will go on sale on sale **Wednesday (3rd)**!

---

On **Wednesday (3rd)**, we will be running **Maths Café** in the **[Undergraduate Workroom (A0.05)](https://link.mazemap.com/wmdZa2Od)**, from **13:00** to **15:00**. As usual, we will be bringing (a small amount of) food for you to enjoy.

If you have any questions about academics, module options, or any general queries about the university, our academic support officers (and many other attendees) will be happy to help.

---

Also on **Thursday (4th)**, we have our regularly scheduled **WMS Talk**, titled *Game Theory from First Principles to Poker and Bluffing*, with guest speaker Dr Sean Eberhard, in **[B3.03](https://link.mazemap.com/MZ3eWPc1)**, from **18:00** to **19:00**, with free pizza afterwards.

<style>
blockquote {
    padding: 10px 20px 0 0;
    margin: 0 0 0 0;
    font-size: 15px;
}
</style>

Abstract:
> Is bluffing just bravado—or is there a basis in mathematics? In this talk I will give a general introduction to game theory, which is an essential toolkit for understand strategic interactions in all sorts of modern fields, from economics to evolutionary biology. We will build up sufficient theory to analyze one fascinating simple model of poker: two-player one-round no-limit poker. Even this tiny model leads to striking conclusions about optimal strategies, mixed equilibria, and when you should pretend to have a good hand. Aimed at undergraduates of all backgrounds, this talk requires no previous knowledge of game theory or poker (or even cards).

---

On **Friday (5th)**, we are running **Coffee and Cake**, our weekly welfare event, from **16:00** to **17:00**, in **[MB0.07](https://link.mazemap.com/CkhUH7g4)**. Drop in to get a hot drink and some food, and relax with others in an informal and friendly environment.

---