---
title: Weekly Update
subtitle: Week 6
tags: [2025, events] # events, year, updates, talks

# last_modified_at: 

show_author : true
author:
  name: Alfie Giffen (Publications Officer)
  avatar: /assets/img/logo-large.PNG
# location: "Location" (if applicable)

---

Tickets for the second round of the **Warwick Imperial (WIMP) Mathematics Conference**, taking place on **Saturday 1st of March** at **Imperial College London**, are now on sale.

To find out more information about the conference and to buy a coach ticket, see [the SU event page](https://www.warwicksu.com/venues-events/events/4191/26693/)!

ALL attendees, if you have not already done so, MUST fill out [this registration of interest form](https://forms.gle/QLbWGZoDKHj7hn4P6).

Tickets numbers are limited so if you are considering attending we encourage you to purchase a ticket as soon as possible, no later than **Tuesday (11th)**!

If you have any questions, please contact [talks@warwickmaths.org](mailto://talks@warwickmaths.org), we hope to see many of you in attendance!

---

### Regular Events Schedule

---
On **Monday (10th)**, Professor Helena Verrill is running a **meeting about maths art** in the **UG Workroom** from **1700** to **1800**. For more information, see the email from Professor Verrill.

*Note: this event is run & organised by Professor Helena Verrill and is not affiliated with the Society.*

---

On **Wednesday (12th)**, we will be running **Maths Café** in the **UG Workroom** as always, from **1400** to **1600**. As usual, we will be bringing some food for you to enjoy.

If you have any academic questions, our academic support officers (and many other attendees) will be happy to help. Also feel free to ask any questions about LaTeX.

---

The maths department are running a **selection test for the IMC (International Mathematics Competition)**, also on **Wednesday (12th)** from **1400** to **1600**. For more information, see [this page](https://warwick.ac.uk/fac/sci/maths/research/events/seminars/areas/imc/2024-25).

*Note: this event is run & organised by the maths department and is not affiliated with the Society.*

---

On **Thursday (13th)**, we have our regularly scheduled **WMS Talk** titled *Almost full transversals in equi-n squares*, with guest PhD speaker (and WMS Academic Support Officer 23/24) Teo Petrov, in **MS.04**, starting at **1800** until **1900**.

<style>
blockquote {
    padding: 10px 20px 0 0;
    margin: 0 0 0 0;
    font-size: 15px;
}
</style>

Abstract:
> In \\(1975\\), Stein made a wide generalisation of the Ryser-Brualdi-Stein conjecture on transversals in
Latin squares, conjecturing that every equi-\\(n\\)-square (an \\(n\times n\\) array filled with \\(n\\) symbols where each symbol appears exactly \\(n\\) times) has a transversal of size \\(n − 1\\). That is, it should have a collection of \\(n − 1\\) entries that share no row, column, or symbol. 

> In \\(2017\\), Aharoni, Berger, Kotlar, and Ziv showed that equi-\\(n\\)-squares always have a transversal with size at least \\(2n/3\\). 

> In \\(2019\\), Pokrovskiy and Sudakov disproved Stein’s conjecture by constructing equi-\\(n\\)-squares without a transversal of size \\(n − \\frac{\\log n}{42}\\), but asked whether Stein’s conjecture is approximately true. I.e., does an equi-\\(n\\)-square always have a transversal with size \\((1 − \\mathrm{o}(1))n\\)?

> We answer this question in the positive. More specifically, we improve both known bounds, showing that there exist equi-\\(n\\)-squares with no transversal of size \\(n − \\Omega (\\sqrt n)\\) and that every equi-\\(n\\)-square contains \\(n − n^{1−\\Omega (1)}\\) disjoint transversals of size \\(n − n^{1−\\Omega (1)}\\).

As always, free pizza will be provided after the talk (suitable for all dietary requirements).

---

On **Friday (14th)**, we are running **Coffee and Cake**, our weekly welfare event, from **1500** to **1600**, in **MB0.07** as a collaboration with the **Warwick Statistics Society**. Drop in to get a free hot drink and some free food, and relax with others in an informal and friendly environment.
