---
title: Weekly Update
subtitle: Week 7
tags: [2026, events] # events, year, updates, talks, sport

# Uncomment if post needs to be amended
last_modified_at: 2026-02-26

show_author : true
author:
  name: Jakob Wood (Publications Officer)
  avatar: /assets/img/logo-large.PNG
#  location: "Location" (if applicable)

---

We have a number of job and internship listings from our sponsors. [Check them out](/job-listings)!

---
Its that time of the year again... the **WMS elections and Annual General Meeting (AGM)** are just around the corner! The elections and AGM will take place on **Thursday the 12th of March** in [MS.03](https://link.mazemap.com/oz6Y4eO0) from **19:00**** onwards. Alongside the elections there will be a WMS 2025/26 recap, and an opportunity for you to make suggestions to change the society constitution (naturally, there will also be pizza). We hope to see a lot of you applying for positions and exercising your democratic rights! More info will be out soon about role descriptions and how to apply for a position.

---

Tickets are **OUT NOW** for **WIMP Conference 2**! To get your hands on some, click [here](https://www.warwicksu.com/venues-events/events/4191/28194/). If you buy a ticket **you must also fill out the 'register your interest' form**, making sure to include any food allergies and access arrangements. The form can be found [here](https://forms.gle/tncbJCK3bFftR6Nm9) . For the preliminary itinerary check [here](\20260215_Warwick-Imperial-Maths-Conference-Spring-2026-itinerary\) .

---

### Regular Events Schedule

---

On **Wednesday (25th)**, we will be running a **circle** in **[The Assembly, Leamington Spa](https://maps.app.goo.gl/4AjLbnWxtFjpyD4r9)** from **19:00** . Theme is **Children's book / TV characters** Note that the Assembly is **cash only**, so please ensure that you bring some cash with you.

---
On **Thursday (27th)**, we will be running **Maths Café** in the **[Undergraduate Workroom (A0.05)](https://link.mazemap.com/wmdZa2Od)**, from **12:00** to **13:00**. As usual, we will be bringing (a small amount of) food for you to enjoy.

If you have any questions about academics, module options, or any general queries about the university, our academic support officers (and many other attendees) will be happy to help.

---

Also on **Thursday (29th)**, we have our regularly scheduled **WMS Talk**, titled *Gambling with a PDE*, with guest speaker Professor Keith Ball, in **[B3.03](https://link.mazemap.com/MZ3eWPc1)**, from **18:00** to **19:00**, with free pizza afterwards.

<style>
blockquote {
    padding: 10px 20px 0 0;
    margin: 0 0 0 0;
    font-size: 15px;
}
</style>

Abstract:
> I will explain a simple gambling game and show how it gives rise to a partial difference equation with boundary conditions: a discrete analogue of a partial differential equation. I will solve them both and then explain the optimal strategy and expected winnings in the game.

---

On **Friday (29th)**, we are running **Coffee and Cake**, our weekly welfare event, from **16:00** to **17:00**, in **[MB0.07](https://link.mazemap.com/CkhUH7g4)**. Drop in to get a hot drink and some food, and relax with others in an informal and friendly environment.

---