---
title: Weekly Update
subtitle: Week 9
tags: [2026, events] # events, year, updates, talks, sport

# Uncomment if post needs to be amended
last_modified_at: 2026-03-09

show_author : true
author:
  name: Jakob Wood (Publications Officer)
  avatar: /assets/img/logo-large.PNG
#  location: "Location" (if applicable)

---

We have a number of job and internship listings from our sponsors. [Check them out](/job-listings)!

---
Its that time of the year again... the **WMS elections and Annual General Meeting (AGM)** are just around the corner! The elections and AGM will take place on **Thursday the 12th of March** in [MS.03](https://link.mazemap.com/oz6Y4eO0) from **19:00**** onwards. Alongside the elections there will be a WMS 2025/26 recap, and an opportunity for you to make suggestions to change the society constitution (naturally, there will also be pizza). We hope to see a lot of you applying for positions and exercising your democratic rights! Candidate manifestos can be found on the website.

---

### Regular Events Schedule

---

On **Monday (9th)**, we have our regularly scheduled **WMS Talk**, titled *Mapping the Mandelbrot Set.*, with guest speaker Darragh Glynn, in **[B3.03](https://link.mazemap.com/MZ3eWPc1)**, from **18:00** to **19:00**, with free pizza afterwards.

<style>
blockquote {
    padding: 10px 20px 0 0;
    margin: 0 0 0 0;
    font-size: 15px;
}
</style>

Abstract:
> What happens when you repeatedly apply a function to a number? When does the sequence f(z), f(f(z)), f(f(f(z))), ... blow up, and when does it settle into a repeating cycle? Questions like these are the subject of dynamics. Even in the simplest cases, when f(z) is a quadratic function, remarkably rich behaviours emerge, producing intricate fractal objects such as the celebrated Mandelbrot set. In this talk we will give an introduction to complex dynamics and the Mandelbrot set, drawing on ideas from geometry, algebra, combinatorics and number theory. We will also describe how to build a "map" to the Mandelbrot set, and discuss some recent developments and fascinating open problems that you can try your hand at.

---
On **Thursday (12th)**, we will be running **Maths Café** in the **[Undergraduate Workroom (A0.05)](https://link.mazemap.com/wmdZa2Od)**, from **12:00** to **13:00**. As usual, we will be bringing (a small amount of) food for you to enjoy.

If you have any questions about academics, module options, or any general queries about the university, our academic support officers (and many other attendees) will be happy to help.

---

On **Friday (13th)**, we are running **Coffee and Cake**, our weekly welfare event, from **16:00** to **17:00**, in **[MB0.07](https://link.mazemap.com/CkhUH7g4)**. Drop in to get a hot drink and some food, and relax with others in an informal and friendly environment.

---