---
title: Weekly Update
subtitle: Week 8
tags: [2026, events] # events, year, updates, talks, sport

# Uncomment if post needs to be amended
last_modified_at: 2026-03-05

show_author : true
author:
  name: Jakob Wood (Publications Officer) and Liam Logue (Freshers' Representative)
  avatar: /assets/img/logo-large.PNG
#  location: "Location" (if applicable)

---

We have a number of job and internship listings from our sponsors. [Check them out](/job-listings)!

---
Its that time of the year again... the **WMS elections and Annual General Meeting (AGM)** are just around the corner! The elections and AGM will take place on **Thursday the 12th of March** in [MS.03](https://link.mazemap.com/oz6Y4eO0) from **19:00**** onwards. Alongside the elections there will be a WMS 2025/26 recap, and an opportunity for you to make suggestions to change the society constitution (naturally, there will also be pizza). We hope to see a lot of you applying for positions and exercising your democratic rights! More info will be out soon about role descriptions and how to apply for a position.

---

For the WIMP attendees amongst us, please join the following WhatsApp group for further communications and on-day correspondence. You can find the link in the weekly email, we will not share the link here to prevent bots from accessing it.

For the preliminary itinerary check [here](/20260215_Warwick-Imperial-Maths-Conference-Spring-2026-itinerary/)

---

### Regular Events Schedule

---

On **Thursday (5th)**, we will be running **Maths Café** in the **[Undergraduate Workroom (A0.05)](https://link.mazemap.com/wmdZa2Od)**, from **12:00** to **13:00**. As usual, we will be bringing (a small amount of) food for you to enjoy.

If you have any questions about academics, module options, or any general queries about the university, our academic support officers (and many other attendees) will be happy to help.

---

Also on **Thursday (5th)**, we have our regularly scheduled **WMS Talk**, titled *Group Theory: The major problems, and why we care*, with guest speaker Professor Gareth Tracey, in **[B3.03](https://link.mazemap.com/MZ3eWPc1)**, from **18:00** to **19:00**, with free pizza afterwards.

<style>
blockquote {
    padding: 10px 20px 0 0;
    margin: 0 0 0 0;
    font-size: 15px;
}
</style>

Abstract:
> Finite group theorists have, in a certain sense, a very simple ultimate goal: to classify all of the finite groups. This problem, known as `The Extension problem’, is (at least at the moment) completely intractable, so we have to find other ways to understand the behaviour of finite groups. In this talk, I will speak about how group theorists have tried to do this, from breaking groups down into smaller parts; to studying properties of groups from a probabilistic perspective; to finding ways to check whether or not a given group is even finite in the first place. I will focus in particular on asymptotic vs. deterministic group theory. We will see the history of some of the resulting problems and questions; what the most important open problems are today; and why they matter. Time permitting, I will also touch on questions in infinite group theory.

---

On **Friday (6th)**, we are running **Coffee and Cake**, our weekly welfare event, from **16:00** to **17:00**, in **[MB0.07](https://link.mazemap.com/CkhUH7g4)**. Drop in to get a hot drink and some food, and relax with others in an informal and friendly environment.

---