---
title: Weekly Update
subtitle: Week 3
tags: [2026, events] # events, year, updates, talks, sport

# Uncomment if post needs to be amended
last_modified_at: 2026-01-26

show_author : true
author:
  name: Jakob Wood (Publications Officer) and Yuliia Illiushchenko (Freshers' Representative)
  avatar: /assets/img/logo-large.PNG
#  location: "Location" (if applicable)

---

We have a number of job and internship listings from our sponsors. [Check them out](/job-listings)!

---

This year, the Warwick Maths, Statistics and Physics Societies ball will have the theme **masquerade**. Save the date of **21st February 2026**. Tickets will go off sale at the **end of this week**!

---

### Regular Events Schedule

---

On **Wednesday (28th)**, we will be running a **circle** in **[The Assembly, Leamington Spa](https://maps.app.goo.gl/4AjLbnWxtFjpyD4r9)** from **19:00** . Theme is **White Lies** Note that the Assembly is **cash only**, so please ensure that you bring some cash with you.

---
On **Thursday (29th)**, we will be running **Maths Café** in the **[Undergraduate Workroom (A0.05)](https://link.mazemap.com/wmdZa2Od)**, from **12:00** to **13:00**. As usual, we will be bringing (a small amount of) food for you to enjoy.

If you have any questions about academics, module options, or any general queries about the university, our academic support officers (and many other attendees) will be happy to help.

---

Also on **Thursday (29th)**, we have our regularly scheduled **WMS Talk**, titled *Maths in Industry: from penguin eggs to wobbly shopping trolleys​.*, with guest speaker Dr David Wood, in **[B3.03](https://link.mazemap.com/MZ3eWPc1)**, from **18:00** to **19:00**, with free pizza afterwards.

<style>
blockquote {
    padding: 10px 20px 0 0;
    margin: 0 0 0 0;
    font-size: 15px;
}
</style>

Abstract:
> Study Groups with Industry started at Oxford in the 1960s and initially consisted of an annual event in the UK but quickly spread Europe wide with now 5 to 7 meetings held annually across Europe. Warwick has hosted 3 of these over the years and will be holding a further one in 2027. This talk will introduce the ideas behind these meetings and how they run with some interesting mathematical problems that have been discussed and solved over the years including the Incubation of Penguin Eggs (Bristol Zoo), Shimmy in Aircraft Landing Gear (Airbus), Automated Model Construction (LEGO) and many others.

---

On **Friday (30th)**, we are running **Coffee and Cake**, our weekly welfare event, from **16:00** to **17:00**, in **[MB0.07](https://link.mazemap.com/CkhUH7g4)**. Drop in to get a hot drink and some food, and relax with others in an informal and friendly environment.

---