---
title: Weekly Update
subtitle: Week 1
tags: [2026, events] # events, year, updates, talks, sport

# Uncomment if post needs to be amended
last_modified_at: 2026-01-13

show_author : true
author:
  name: Jakob Wood (Publications Officer) and Jonah Crouch (Fresher's Representative)
  avatar: /assets/img/logo-large.PNG
#  location: "Location" (if applicable)

---

We have a number of job and internship listings from our sponsors. [Check them out](/job-listings)!

---

This year, the Warwick Maths, Statistics and Physics Societies ball will have the theme **masquerade**. Save the date of **21st February 2026**. Tickets on sale now! Get them soon from [here](https://www.warwicksu.com/venues-events/events/4209/27781/)

---

CALL FOR SPEAKERS – WIMP Maths Conference 25/26! (Imperial edition)

We’re excited to announce that speaker applications are now OPEN for the second round of the Warwick–Imperial (WIMP) Mathematics Conference of the academic year 2025/26!  

We’re looking for speakers to give 45-minute talks to an audience of maths undergraduates from Warwick and Imperial on Saturday 7th November, taking place in LONDON. 

Perfect for anyone who has done a URSS or any research project! 

📩 Send your title + abstract to talks@warwickmaths.org 

🗓️ Speaker applications CLOSE: 30th January

---

### Regular Events Schedule


---
On **Tuesday (13th)**, we are running **Coffee and Cake**, our weekly welfare event, from **14:00** to **15:00**, in **[MB0.08](https://link.mazemap.com/CkhUH7g4)**. Drop in to get a hot drink and some food, and relax with others in an informal and friendly environment.

---


On **Wednesday (14th)**, we will be running **Maths Café** in the **[Undergraduate Workroom (A0.05)](https://link.mazemap.com/wmdZa2Od)**, from **13:00** to **15:00**. As usual, we will be bringing (a small amount of) food for you to enjoy.

If you have any questions about academics, module options, or any general queries about the university, our academic support officers (and many other attendees) will be happy to help.

---

On **Thursday (11th)**, we have our regularly scheduled **WMS Talk**, titled *The Maximum Principle (my favourite theorem)*, with PhD Laura Bradby, in **[B3.03](https://link.mazemap.com/MZ3eWPc1)**, from **18:00** to **19:00**, with free pizza afterwards.

<style>
blockquote {
    padding: 10px 20px 0 0;
    margin: 0 0 0 0;
    font-size: 15px;
}
</style>

Abstract:
> Given a random graph, it is very natural to ask whether it has your favourite graph property (e.g. does it contain a triangle? or, is it connected?). Surprisingly, any increasing property has a 'threshold': if we include edges in the random graph with a probability below the threshold, we almost surely do not have the property, and if edges are included with probability above the threshold, we almost surely do. The existence of thresholds has been known since the '80s, but actually finding the value of a threshold is a different matter. We can consider expectations to get an easy lower bound on a threshold, but we had no such easy way to get upper bounds. In this talk I will tell you about an incredibly powerful result published only last year, which tells us that the lower bound coming from expectations is actually always pretty close to the truth.

> This talk is designed to be accessible for all maths students: no prior knowledge of the theory of random graphs will be assumed.

---