---
title: Weekly Update
subtitle: Week 10
tags: [2026, events] # events, year, updates, talks, sport

# Uncomment if post needs to be amended
last_modified_at: 2026-03-15

show_author : true
author:
  name: Jakob Wood (Publications Officer)
  avatar: /assets/img/logo-large.PNG
#  location: "Location" (if applicable)

---

We have a number of job and internship listings from our sponsors. [Check them out](/job-listings)!

---
The **WMS elections and Annual General Meeting (AGM)** took place last Thursday! After a quick summary of the 25/26 year, the WMS Exec 2026/27 were elected.

Your WMS Exec 2026/27 are as follows:

 

President: Jakob Wood

Vice President: Oliver Kerins

Treasurer: Yuliia Illiushchenko

Social Secretaries: Jonah Crouch, Lola Holle

Careers Officer: Freddie Cove

Talks Coordinators: Benjamin Bevan, Antoni Tworkowski

Academic Events Coordinator: R.O.N.

Ball Secretary: R.O.N.

Tour Secretary: R.O.N.

Marketing Officer: MT Li

Publications Officers: Elliott Doolan, Liam Logue

Sports Officer: Zezi Li

Welfare and Equal Opportunities Officers: R.O.N.

Academic Support Officers: R.O.N.

Postgraduate Officer: R.O.N.

---

### Regular Events Schedule

---

On **Thursday (19th)**, we have our regularly scheduled **WMS Talk**, titled *General Relativity: A Mathematical Perspective*, with guest speaker Aris Mercier, in **[B3.03](https://link.mazemap.com/MZ3eWPc1)**, from **18:00** to **19:00**, with free pizza afterwards.

<style>
blockquote {
    padding: 10px 20px 0 0;
    margin: 0 0 0 0;
    font-size: 15px;
}
</style>

Abstract:
> Einstein's theory of general relativity, first published in 1916, was a significant refinement of Newton's theory of gravity. Today, more than a century later, it continues to occupy a central role in modern research, both in mathematics and physics.
In this presentation, we will establish the geometric framework needed to rigorously talk about the theory of relativity; with this language at hand, we can cover some of the basic aspects of the theory, giving insights into questions such as: 
How does general relativity differ from special relativity?
What are the Einstein field equations, and how does one arrive at them? Why is the concept of mass difficult to define?
The talk concludes with an overview of a conjecture that was only proven decades after Einstein's original work, and which has important connections to other areas of pure mathematics.

---
No Maths Cafe this week.

---

On **Friday (20th)**, we are running **Coffee and Cake**, our weekly welfare event, from **16:00** to **17:00**, in **[MB0.07](https://link.mazemap.com/CkhUH7g4)**. Drop in to get a hot drink and some food, and relax with others in an informal and friendly environment.

---